XXX
Desired Host
Latex Absol Suiting
XXX


Rumours of a new Pokemon amongst the foothills above Fallabor Town had spread like wildfire. Hotshot Pokemon trainers and adventurers alike travel to the region, climbing the volcanic peaks into a landscape of fir trees and snow. Supposedly, a white beast with black claws has been spotted — a potential omen for bad events to come. That risk certainly doesn't deter anyone from catching a rare Pokemon.

Which means an anthro cat like me is not alone amongst the snowy trails. Unlike the hotshot trainers I'm an adventurer. I'm supposed to be out here in the wilderness with an agenda to help anyone in need. The wind howls around me as I lean forward into the gusts, wishing I'd packed a thicker winter jacket. My hackles stand on end. Light-blue fur puffs up for warmth as snow otherwise catches in my spiked hair. I brush it away and shield my eyes with a paw. There's a cave up ahead. A very promising cave big enough for even an Ursaring, not that you'd see those in Hoenn.

The Pokeballs on my waist rattle as I scramble up into the sheltered alcove. I approach the entrance of the cave slowly, snow crunching under my foot paws as I turn around and–

"Hey! Stop right there! I found this cave first! The Pokemon is mine!"

I barely have time to prepare myself before the man attacks. Gah! A hotshot trainer had scouted this cave before me! They're exhausted from the hike but desperate. They don't even bother to release their Pokemon, lunging forward with a tackle of their own. I dodge, tail lashing out for balance as I swerve a fist levelled at chin height. They're dressed in winter gear. Snow goggles and crampons. Wide-shouldered and dangerous.

"Whoa! I'm no-hey! HEY!" I don't get any further talking sense into them. Taking one step back and then another, feeling the loose rock slip away under my footpaws as the angry trainer lunges again. I can't do anything but defend. Paws raised as fists. Relying on my inherent agility to parry their aggressive assault. Waiting for the exact moment when — ahah! The man throws a sloppy punch and I grab onto his elbow, redirecting their momentum to literally throw them out of the cave. The slope doesn't allow any purchase as they tumble downhill. I cringe upon watching the adventurer flail in a bank of snow.

I shake my head in disbelief: "Maniac!"

Some trainers went crazy for finding rare and unusual Pokemon. What was the man thinking? With my heart still thumping in my chest, I take a long deep breath.

Except the fight isn't over yet. A flash of light in the corner of my eyes from some kind of glossy reflection is the only warning I get. Already, my body is moving by instinct as I hold out my paws as a shield. Yet the next attacker moves impossibly fast, bouncing out of reach with what sounds like a rubbery squeak. The lingering purple energy leaves three claw marks in the air; evidence for the move Night Slash. It's lucky I managed to deflect in time as that would have hurt! I spin on a heel and drop into a fighting stance. Instinctively, my right paw hovers above the belt of Pokeballs on my waist. My winter coat feels too hot and restrictive across my shoulders but I don't dare move. Because I am expecting to see another trainer. Perhaps even an anthro like me. Not…not this.

The beast opposite looks like an Absol. But their form is almost anthropomorphic as they stand on two legs, glimmering with the reflective sheen of polished latex. Black claws on what can be best described as their handpaws look rubbery but also imposing. Their nimble body looks lithe, androgynous, and threatening. A sharp black tail is the same colour as a scythe-like attachment to their head, wrapping around a dark oval cast in their fixed rubber hairstyle.

Yet it's their eyes that confuse me. Red and translucent — more like a mask designed to be worn. Quickly, I recognise this isn't exactly a Pokemon, but some kind of humanoid rubber suit that has come to life! And then it clicks.

Damn. This might be the rumoured Pokemon everyone is trying to catch.

There's no opportunity to guess any more because the rubbery creature rushes forward. I dodge the first swipe of their claws and then the second, using my forearms to strike away each Slash of their paws. The Pokemon changes tactics startlingly fast, kicking with a foot before I can even make my planned move. My knees crumple as I stumble. Somehow, the rubber suit knows exactly what I was about to do! It can read my mind — predicting the disaster to come and, instead, actively slamming me against the wall of the cave. Ouch! For something comparable to a hollow suit, I'm surprised at the strength of the creature.

I cringe away as the Absol pins me to the rock. They press their rubbery muzzle towards my face, revealing a sleek smile. I'm mesmerised by the lifelike details and my muted feline reflection upon their glossy skin. They tug at my belt of Pokeballs and rip it free, letting them tumble to the floor and scatter.

Only then do they seem to relax. In fact, the androgynous rubber pokemon begins to laugh.

"Now that was something. You have speed, skills, and integrity. I would have done more than just throw that trainer into the snow. Honestly. I was considering doing it to you."

"You're-you…" I stop struggling as soon as the Absol presses hard on my shoulders. The glossy Pokemon makes it clear the only reason we're talking is because they are allowing it. I swallow, deciding it best not to ask exactly what this creature is.

If anything, that only makes the Absol laugh even more.

"You are so shy! Yeah, I'm a living latex suit. Long story short, a mage did this to me and I'm going to get them to change me back and then teach them a lesson!" The lack of expression in their translucent red eyes compared to the bearing of their fangs is jarring. "Which means I need a strong host. But all I've got is idiots trying to catch me! I'm running out of options here…"

The Abol's head tilts ever so slightly as they maintain a dramatic pause.

"You might just do, for now."

They don't weaken their hold, firmly holding me against the cold stone. My ears twitch back as I dart my eyes up and down the glossy white latex chest.

"Somebody turned you into this?" I ask in discomfort, already feeling unsettled on the Absol's behalf at being reduced to some kind of rubber suit. "Why would somebody just do that? What can I do to-"

I stop. My natural response is to offer help — because that's what an adventurer like myself does — but this situation is unlike anything I've seen before. I'm not sure how to help. Their grip relaxes and I straighten, whiskers trembling at the pungent smell of rubber polymer.

"I'm weak without a host and there's a blizzard incoming. Even whilst reduced to this I can feel it. That's certainly going to freeze you solid. So perhaps we can help each other? Wear me and I'll lead us safely off this mountain. Then I can replace you with a strong host and leave you to errr-just…do whatever it is adventurers are supposed to do."

"Helping others!" I provide it with a renewed sense of purpose. "Including you. So uh, how does this work?"

The glossy Pokemon tilts their head ever so slightly. A genuine look of surprise isn't possible given their semi-transparent red eyes. If anything, it sounds like I might even be eager to wear the living latex suit.

"Okay. I wasn't expecting you to agree to this so quickly."

The Absol opens like a back-entry suit, a hollow white inside that somehow manages to support the anthropomorphic structure. The Pokemon almost seems embarrassed about the situation, turning to look over their shoulder. Glossy latex unfurls down where their spine should be. I shiver from the cold, stripped down to just my baselayers with blue feline fur standing on end. It doesn't seem fair that anyone should be reduced to a latex costume. I've committed to help but I'm still uncertain about stepping inside what seems like a living creature. However, the moment I reach out my hands the suit falls limp into my arms. Latex crumbles into a surprisingly heavy suit lying unresponsively in my paws.

"It's still me. What are you waiting for?" The voice of the Absol is inside my head. I hold the suit open and do what I'm told.

My footpaws slide in easily. The inside of the latex feels silky smooth against my fur. Frictionless. I wiggle my toes into place, holding the ruffled waistband of the suit around my knees. Entry is from the back but there's no sign of a zipper. The head is part of the costume that dangles before me as I gently slide the sleek rubber material upwards. Given that the suit is a sentient being able to feel what I'm doing, I take extra care to dress slowly. I ensure I don't pinch the fabric. This proves surprisingly easy as the sheet latex doesn't cling to my fur but remains loose and heavy, given how thick it is. A whole centimetre of white latex pads everything from the chest down as I straighten, reaching out my hand paws to slide them into the living suit. The Absol doesn't say a word. Like this, maybe they aren't able to.

It is clear they still have some control, however, as the suit begins to constrict across my shoulders. I reach around to slide my tail into position…but the Absol has done that already. Hooked black latex adds far more weight than I'm used to around my rear, filling out my ass. Slow wags send trembles up my body that cause little ripples and wrinkles in the otherwise sleek latex puffing out my hips. The enhanced wobble across my thighs and wider hips feels different. As if there's an uneven distribution of thickness that emphasises specific, more feminine features.

I feel something pressing under my feline ears. A sensation that is comparable to the throb of a headache but less painful, more…weird. My ears twitch. Each breath I take is contaminated by the dank scent of latex. It's not stifling anymore. In fact, it's almost pleasant — an unexpected emotion that seeps through the new connection wired into my mind.

"Uhhh…is this normal?"

I ask out loud and almost instantly feel the response like a chill down the back of my neck. My hackles stand on end pressed against latex. I'm aware of the response like the thoughts have been wordlessly placed into the back of my mind. This is just the beginning.

"I'll just, uhh I-I'll finish putting you on."

The cold puff of air announces the opening along my back seals automatically, spreading a lingering warmth across my fur. I feel more naked within the latex than just in my underwear, constricted by the rubber binding my chest skin-tight. The hot squeeze leaves me quivering with an embarrassingly horny rush — why does this feel so sensual? Rubber swells across my crotch, smoothing away my shameful erection with a thick layer of glossy white latex.
I'd left my thin baselayer of clothing on. However, I felt more naked than before as the pale rubber bound across my chest, squeezing to a fur-tight fit down my legs and across my crotch. Here the latex seems thicker than anywhere else. The embarrassing erection I get is thankfully masked by the costume. I bite my tongue and decide not to say anything. Hopefully, the Absol can't feel my quickening pulse or see all the urges to touch myself rush through the back of my mind. Surely they know how good this feels…

My paws squeak, feeling ungainly given the long black claws recreated by elastic rubber. I still manage to grip the headpiece of the living suit and lift it gently, staring down the inside of the open mask. I can feel the lure to just put it on. A mental draw to complete the connection between the two of us. It's so powerful that the emotion disguises the much more subtle manipulations occurring unnoticed.

Red translucent eyes tint my vision red. Tunnelled at first until I slide the sleek, silky material across my muzzle and arrange the Absol features over the top of my feline expression. I have to lift my tongue during the process to correctly align it. The details of the mask are hyper-realistic with sharp teeth and gums copied in polished rubber. The flat canine tongue is shaped like a sack I have to slide my own into, tasting acrid rubber within my saliva. Bleh!

No sooner is the Absol muzzle placed correctly than it squeezes with a rubbery squeak, fusing around my neck. I instantly panic even as the tightening morphs into a hot, pleasurable sensation. Nhhh! The curved sickle of the Absol's horn bounces and flexes as I wiggle my jaw, unsure of what's happening to my tongue. The rubber in my maw feels like it's inflating. Thickening between my teeth as I'm forced to snort through my nose — any ability to cry out for help is already lost. My emotions switch from uncertainty to outrage in an instant. Did the Absol really go through all of that just to trick me?

"Hush. I was just testing my features." The voice settled somewhere between my ears as if the Absol resides inside my head rather than the other way around. The connection between us provides throughput for the Pokemon to gently control the subtleties of my rubber encasement. I feel the gag soften and my jaw relaxes. Enough to talk, at least. "You've been so obedient becoming a Pokemon. Why don't you call me master?" I choose to ignore what is surely dry sarcasm for a more genuine question.

"Ishh-is-is this it?" I struggle to talk within the mask.

"Oh, this is just the start. Mmhhmmm I wasn't expecting to feel so full being worn!" Each sentence I hear lifts a little higher, sweetening in tone towards a sleek feminine voice that echoes between my ears. "You feel amazing." She giggles.

Her laugh manifests into something physical under the latex costume. The material ripples. Topography on the underside presses against my fur in small circular motions that massage down my back. Trembling Gentle strokes that grow stronger, caressing around my hips even as the rubber swells around their blocky shape. No evidence of my underlying masculinity can be seen as white latex fills out my ass whilst squeezing it on the inside, sensually stroking around my inner thighs even whilst coating them in a thicker and thicker layer. Bigger and bigger. What was once an androgynous suit gently morphs into a voluptuous female figure.

With the suiting complete and a connection created between us, the Absol can command and control my motions: a functionality they instantly put to use. Cheekily, they leach out some kind of lubrication that both melts through my clothing whilst allowing the latex to cling smoothly to my naked form. Rubber squeezes around my shoulders and caresses my hips, narrowing my figure.

"Much better, wouldn't you agree? A complete connection between our bodies."

Their technical words have a feminine lilt that makes them sound like a tease. I am starting to think that undressing completely naked from the start might have worked better.

"But then I couldn't get to experience the contrast of your muscles. There's so much strength hidden under that fur. I can feel it."

The Absol whispers but I hang off every word, feeling my paws drift up to where my nipples should be. Initially, I assume it's my natural reaction to all the extra weight piling onto my chest. But the motions feel delicate as I explore the additional bulge under the latex, puckering to form small nipples. Nhhhah! Whoa, they're sensitive! The feeling of rubber pressing against my skin and rubbing me mingles with the uncanny dual-sensation of my breasts shuddering. Short of breath and panting through the mask. My red-tinted vision suggests they develop a pink areola as I look down, struggling to see anything beyond the swelling breasts.

It's just a suit — I try to tell myself — and I'm just the wearer underneath. This isn't me. And yet there's a sensitivity to the latex that's transferred inwards. Ticking around my crotch as the rubber wraps around my cock with what feels like a thick sheath. I'm already rock solid. I huff from the light touch of sleek rubber squeezing around my member. An additional coat of latex completely encases my cock and immediately begins to slowly drag up and down my humiliating erection.

"I've changed my mind. I want you to call me Mistress instead. A little unorthodox for Pokemon trainers, perhaps. But you're far more than just a tool. I can tell how much you're enjoying this. Enjoying becoming me."

I gasp at the feeling of latex probing my asscrack. Rubber bulges into some kind of rounded protrusion that presses uncomfortably against my pucker. Straining, I'm not prepared for how easily the plug slips inside. Nor for the gentle vibrations that start the moment the rubber bumps against my prostate. Fuck! Pleasure ripples through my crotch as the sheath enclosing my cock begins to gently fap up and down, stimulating my entire length.

And all the while, the Absol teases at her breasts — at our breasts, given the ghostly sensation I can feel underneath. A constant ripple and rub of latex over my shoulders stimulates a whole-body massage. Nhhh! I squirm at the mind-alling overload of sensation. Pure pleasure is forced upon my body from inside and out.

"I am going to call you my pet." The suit declares with a cheeky giggle.

"Mmmm-mmm-MMPH!" My embarrassed response back is muffled through the gag. The ball of rubber inflates to fill my maw, restricting my vocabulary to huffs and moans. As if I wasn't making enough of those already

"Oh I'm so glad you agree, pet."

She savours the word, teasing me with the fact that I have no choice in the matter. However, at this point, I know I would submit to it willingly. The sheer intensity and volume of pleasure is orgasmic as the suit constricts tighter and tighter. Although skintight a massaging motion within the interior intensifies into a pleasurable caress made dirty by the additional sexual stimulation. The thick sheath of latex around my cock squeezes as it wanks up and down my cock with harder, faster, more intense motions. NhhhHH! My arousal surges far past one hundred. I've never felt anything as vigorous as this! But when my paws sqrrrrrk down to my crotch there's not even a dimple to ruin the seamless shine of white feminine latex. Underneath, the sheath milks thick drools of precum from my cock. I don't want to groan into the gag but I can't stop myself.

"I don't think you understand how serious this is, pet. So your Mistress is going to make this very clear."

I gasp for breath at the tight squeeze of something around my neck. Instinctively, I know it is a collar even before the black clawed paws of the suit — the paws of my Mistress — feel around the satisfying ring of bulging black rubber. A visual proof of ownership. I know she can read my mind. I know she likes that idea — that she owns me. Instantly, the rapid pumping of the sheath milking my cock intensifies.

"Good pet. I am your Mistress and I don't want you to think of me as anything less." The voice sounds louder than before. My jaw moves a little, starting to make the correct shapes for the sleek womanly tone. Forced to adhere to her body but barely aware of it. Lost in the euphoria of being teased all over. Ass throbbing from the pulsating vibrations. Edging closer and closer to orgasm but powerless to make it happen. The suit absorbs all the lusty precum I excessively leak.

"It's fascinating discovering what makes you tick. What better way to get to know my host?"

I don't know if I'm edging out of choice or because the Absol won't let me cum — my Mistress. Fuck! She wants me to think of her like that because whenever I do, the cocksheath milks me harder. Quivering and moaning as arousal forces the pavlovian training upon me. Mistress! Breath constricts in my lungs as I shudder, feeling ripples of tension rocket up my body. The sensation of floating within the rubber suit whilst being stroked, rubbed, teased, and groped and teased from all sides — it's beyond comprehension. A pink daze of lust that means I don't hear myself moaning. Nor do I hear her words, feeling myself speak them upon my tongue. Doing what she tells me regardless. She's in my head but I want this. I want to be a good host.

"Mistress~!" I moan through my receding gag, drawing in a deep breath under my latex collar. Squeezed from all sides and yet naked at the same time, tail wagging harder and harder as my gyrations wiggle through the feminine hips. Knowing that nothing less will earn my reward.

"M-Mistress~! MISTRESS~!!!"

I howl, my voice cracking as my whole body saturates with heavenly arousal. Tense for a blessed eternity as I feel my cock throb into the latex sheath. Long strokes milk each tremble, pulse, and splurge of my member. Cum absorbs directly into the latex as if the Absol is feeding off it. Satisfaction. Endless euphoria that corrupts my thoughts even further.

The slow comedown after my climax feels like waking from a dream. I've never experienced anything so intense. Deriving an orgasm not just from ejaculating but the release of tension from my entire body. Throbbing with pleasure that seems to continue endlessly. Long strokes down my back and around my ass, caressing my inner thighs at the same time! The feeling of my erect cock is fuzzy under the sheath of latex — creating pleasure without necessarily the hard erection I am so accustomed to. There's a buzz in my ass as I open my eyes slowly, wondering why I'm not grinding into my paws still. My jaw aches but pleasantly. The gag forced my maw wide, forcing me to pant through my nose with short huffs. Each reeks of latex. The black collar is tight around my neck. It's a reminder that I'm not in control anymore.

A sentiment made even more obvious as I blink, unaccustomed to red-tinted vision. I'm walking but I'm not the one directing these motions.

"That was adorable, pet. You're doing so well inside me. I can't get over how good you feel."

The feminine voice teases me as I realise my paws are over my rubbery breasts. The sensation is likely more hollow than the real thing, but I still feel the effeminate sensitivity as if it's my own. Encased in a sleek female form. Playing with my glossy underbust, rolling my boobs around in my palms whether I want to or not — and right now I kinda do. They feel like they belong to me. But it's still just a suit. And yet I'm a host for her whims. My latex Mistress.

"I love how you feel, pet."

She makes that very clear, running Absol paws over myself. The living latex takes full control of squeezing my asscheeks and then releasing, letting the rubbery flesh jiggle and bounce. I moan, feeling the tight buzz of the plug deep within fueling my arousal.

"What do you say, hmm? Why don't we leave this mountain?"

But all I can do is mumble. My mouth is blocked by the gag the moment I try to speak. Worse, or perhaps better, is the sudden squeeze around my cock as the internal latex sheath quickens its stroke into a rapid fap. The suit remains stationary, not providing an inch of movement as I strain. Nothing on the unblemished sleek exterior of the Pokemon reveals the squirming feline locked inside. Only my eyelids squeezed shut show through the translucent red lenses of the Absol suit.

I take deep breaths through my nose, trying to recover from my initial orgasm amid the perpetual teasing. The connection I feel with the suit increasingly feeds information as emotions rather than words. Pleasure, satisfaction, and something else too. Some sensation of energy flows from the Absol suit back into me. A feeling of returning strength pulses in my veins, confusing with my state of arousal as my Mistress cycles the energy she took from my orgasm back into her host. Fuck. Saying it like that already has me hard within the milking sheath. It's weirdly erotic knowing that she's adapting to me as much as I am adapting to my Mistress. This feels like more than just calibrating the suit.

"Perhaps this means we're compatible?"

Groaning even as I outstretch my arms, breasts jiggling. I can feel the words in my mouth and even upon my tongue — but they don't belong to me.

"You are a strong host." The suit remarks idly, still feeding a trickle of energy back into my system. A symbiotic relationship of lust. The Absol walks us around the cave towards my discarded jacket and the belt of Pokeballs they'd disarmed from me earlier. All the while, the latex massages down my back to my tail. Always moving. Always touching in a way that feels deeply provocative. Never letting my arousal wane.

"Maybe I should keep you. We feel powerful together…and we've only just bonded. This connection will only grow stronger."

I feel my jaw move, cheeks hot from a blush that leaves me sweating under my rubber confinement. Unsure if I can actually force any kind of control on the suit — unsure if I even want to try and defy what she wants. My arousal already feels so intense. Is that what she means? That this is going to feel even better?

"Good pet. Learning your place…inside me." She chortles. "I didn't think I'd want a kitty as my permanent host. But you've not got any objections? Have you?"

The latter is said with a stern buzz from my plug, thumping forward as my dick lurches within the milking sheath. Pumping harder. Forcing erotic pleasure upon me and yet I'm eager for more. I feel ashamed groaning through the gag but excited too. Surely she just means wearing me until the Absol can reverse the curse? Surely she doesn't mean forever?

"What was that pet?"

"Mmrrph-!"

"Oh, silly me. I'll let you speak but there's only one thing I want to hear." There's a sternness behind her words that only adds to the excitement. Bending down with a rubbery squeak, I feel my body move with hers as she — as my Mistress — picks up one of the empty Pokeballs. "Well then, what do you say, pet? Do you want to remain mine?"

"Yhh-yes mistress!" I swallow the saliva drooling from my lips in order to reply. I know exactly what she wants to hear.

"See. This is why you're a keeper. You're learning how to be a good host so fast! You're using my proper title and you're not even struggling. Not even when I do this–!"

The Absol squeezes at my tits, amplifying the pleasure from the latex plug shoved against my prostate.

"I can feel how much you want this. Here, why don't we make it official, pet?"

I watch dimly as she inspects the Pokeball through my eyes, turning it around in a rubbery paw before bringing it up under my chin. Latex stretches, adjoining the capture device with a satisfying click. By whatever magic the Absol is capable of, the metallic exterior of the ball squishes together in our digits. Pressing the Pokeball into a tinkling tag on my rubber collar awakens a rush of shameful lust I'm completely unprepared for. Quivering. Desperate to fulfil her wishes to continue or perhaps even amplify the pleasure of wearing the Absol. Collared and tagged like a good pet.

"Isn't that better? A cute little tag for my adorably horny, permanent host."

I try to agree but the gag stops anything but a huff — something my Mistress either doesn't hear or simply ignores. She walks towards the entrance of the cave. Sunlight sparkles upon the snow and stone outside. I barely notice. Lost in the pleasure of the suit and far too distracted by the constant sexual stimulation to care what my body is doing. But it's clear that's not what Mistress wants. Although the horny teasing is certainly her aim, I can feel the more subtle feeling of care and attention through the mental connection. Perhaps because it's been decided that I'll be her permanent host.

"Now let's get out of here before this blizzard hits." She talks aloud, but the emotion behind the words feel like they're from both suit and host. Mistress and Pet. "With you, being a suit isn't as…unpleasant as I thought, but I'd still like to bring this mage to justice."

I feel her indecision as we hesitate at the mouth of the cave.

"But I think we should take a pause at the base of the mountain." She hums to herself. "Oh yes, pet! I want to make sure we have plenty of time to get to know each other~!"
