Labistre Salve
The pleasantly smelling labistre salve, when applied to the vaginal region, magically allows a woman's vagina and uterus to be stretched significantly beyond natural limits without any pain or lasting damage. Even thin and lithe girls can easily stretch to accommodate a large water melon or pumpkin. The effects subside after about a day, but repeated doses can make them permanent. A woman can so use her uterus as a storage space. When applied often or in large quantities, she can serve as a sleeping bag or even a small tent for a grown-up person, though that makes her immobile.

Black Pokéball
The black pokéball is a hand-sized device capable of capturing any living creature inside of it, not just pokémon. The time spent inside the ball slows for them to a crawl and they have no clear memories of it, just a vaguely pleasant feeling, like awakening from a beautiful dream. They are provided with all the required nutrition and slowly healed of injuries while inside the ball. Whether it's a monster, creature, animal or person, the magic of the ball slowly makes them tamer, more compliant and obedient to the one holding their ball, but doesn't affect other parts of their personality. Once captured this way, they are significantly easier to recapture. The owner of the pokéball can always check the status of whatever or whoever is inside without releasing them, just by looking at the ball, which gives them a reading on the health, taming progress, and other ailments and status effects of whatever or whoever is inside.

Portal Rings
The portal rings is a pair of flexible, elastic, colorful material which can be worn smugly around a limb, the neck, the waist, the penis or a larger breast. When the ring is activated, it splits cleanly into two parts along its length, separating the body part with it. The two parts remain fully alive, connected via a portal which carries the nerves, blood vessels, and in all other regards. A separated head can still think, speak, breathe. The separated parts remain fully controllable. Once the parts are brought together, they fuse without any trace of the magic, and the ribbon can be taken off.
Warning: Never attempt to take off the ribbon while the body parts are still separated.

Succubus piercing
the succubus piercing will make anyone who wears it gradually get more aroused, thoughts about sex will be more frequent and eventually will completely plague their mind, they will also get aroused by semen and get an urge to consume it in any way they can, their bodies will get tired if they go for long periods of time without consuming semen, after prolonged exposure to the piercing they will become completely dependant on semen and sex to function properly and will be deeply addicted to both of them

Revealing bracelet
once the revealing bracelet is worn it's user will start to randomly say their thoughts and deepest secrets out loud, they will not recognize what they said and will continue acting and speaking normally after they do

Nymphomancy
A system of magic uniquely developed by the succubi in their pursuit of debauchery.
It used to only be used by monsters classified as succubi who seduce humans and suck their essence, however, due to the fact that all monsters currently have succubus' traits, it is now being used widely by many other races.
It's the sort of magic ideally suited for the purposes of a succubus, used for things like seduction and charming, or enhancing one another's erogenous sensitivity. Casting it requires Mamono Mana, primarily succubus' mana, and the method of using nymphomancy is imprinted in a succubus' instinct, so we can say that almost any race or individual has an aptitude for this system of magic, as long as she's a monster. In contrast with typical sorcery, which requires advanced thinking and concentration, nymphomancy has evolved so that it can be used without issue even in situations where the caster lacks concentration and is distracted by other things. In other words, this is a system of magic designed with the intention of being used in situations such as when the caster is infatuated with a man before her eyes or indulging in the pleasure of sex. Casting is mainly done through gestures, and many of the spells don't require chanting and can be cast just by barely having the desire in mind, and there are even cases where spells can be used unconsciously just by reading the caster's desires instead of her thoughts. It's a system of magic truly befitting of a succubus. Not only does it not require concentration, on the contrary, it has developed so that the magic's effectiveness increases the more one fills herself with pleasure and the more her mind melts in ecstasy. For casters seeking to master nymphomancy, it is an absolute must to drown in pleasure with their partner as much as inhumanly possible.
In this manner, it's an extremely excellent system of magic, but because spells are cast when the caster's desires are read, it isn't possible to use spells that run contrary to the caster's desires, and there are even times when unintended spells will fire off automatically in response to the caster's desires. It's good if it's usage is left to instinct and impulse, but it's difficult to rationally control.
Spells listed under nymphomancy system: Seduction Spell, Melty Kiss, Inma's Blessing, Oath of Pleasure, Dark Matter (Spell), Breath of Ecstasy, Contract of Obedience, Anthropomorphosis Spell, Spell of Pedomorphosis, Spell of Megamorphosis, Spell Succubize, Succubus Instant, Level Drain, Dark Insignia
