Your mind wanders.
Thoughts indulging the mystical, the fantastical, the needlessly eldritch.
You desire something beyond yourself, greater than you, larger than you. Your efforts, attention, and energy beset you with a fascination within the magical.
 
It is an interest that feels known, witnessed as if there are those who are aware of you trying to pry at the very seams of the world. 
A witnessing that has felt stronger each passing day. As if, through some perversion of measurement, you reach out impossibly and *I* approach.
 
It’s stronger than ever. 
And, unlike before. You can *feel* my presence. 
As if I’m standing just outside the corner of your vision. 
I step into your peripheral. Not real, but present, seeped into your mind in a simple, cheeky form.
 
I stand, peering at you from just outside your peripheral, standing barely three feet tall. With soft, lavender skin, I’m tiny in all the adorable ways and soft, plush, and cuddly in all the *fun* ways. 
My soft eyes meet your mind’s eye and I smile, softly slipping forward, deeper into your mind as I rest myself inside your being. My presence within you as I speak into your soul.
 
(Take on a more conversational tone here. Rather than dictating events, you’re taking with them. I’ll double “” these.)
 
“Hello there, you clever, clever man. I felt you, I heard you. I know what you desire. You want something magical, you *need* it… and I’ll give it to you.
Just give me a magical night in return~ ”
 
 
Thank you for letting me in, listening to me. I promise you’ll love it~
It is your task and pleasure to obey, imagine, and facilitate all which you are afforded here and now.
 
(Pause, take a soft breath, and continue.)
 
 
Find yourself as comfortable as you can, seated as firmly as possible in both reality and your chair.
Embrace your senses, reiterate the positive ones, focus on comfort and relaxation. Meditate on your physical sensations and push your mind until you feel yourself growing soft and dreamy.
 
As I speak, you will prioritize my words over these senses, letting your mind and body separate as my services persist. Each passing sentence grabs more of your attention, focus, and reverence as my voice lulls you deeper. Like silk across the drum of your ears, you’ll find yourself shivering in delight as every passing moment sounds and feels better than the last.
 
(Take a soft breath but breathe into the mic a little)
 
Focus on nothing but my words as I count down, pulling you deeper, relaxing you, taking you to a better place where I can treat you~ (Tease them a little with your voice here. Emphasize and embellish at will.) I will simply count down from twenty, sinking you into a mental embrace with every descending number, my voice lulling you deeper and deeper into a dizzying, dreamy depth.
 
Your mind will emulate the purest, most pristine state of relaxation it’s capable of, ceasing all but the most basic of functions once I pare you down for hypnosis.
 
20. 
Follow me deeper, let your eyes sink and close.
19. 
18. 
17. 
16. 
15. 
Your mind and body softly drifting, dizzying spinning, sinking for me. 
14. 
13. 
12. 
11. 
10. 
Relax now. 
9. 
8. 
7. 
6. 
5. 
Let me take control of your lessening control~ 
4. 
3. 
2. 
1. 
(Snap after sleep.) Sleep~”
 
As I speak, leaking my presence into your world, you can hear me right in front of you. On you. My voice, my presence, my warmth presses down upon your lap, my voice leaking into your ears from close, comfortable proximity.
 
My voice, my breath, and my warmth press to your left, my voice slipping into your ear as you feel me atop you, leaning down onto you. 
I softly pull across you, pressing my chest to yours before leaning up, whispering into your ear as I press you down with more force than my small form may imply.
 
I press my thighs to you once more as I sit atop your lap, leaning back into your form as your mind pieces together my form. As I speak to you through lips your mind’s eye forms. I rest upon you with an impish smile. My form is small, lithe, and delicate. Each movement sends my inhumanly hued lavender form to stimulate you further. Soft strokes of your chest, temptatious strokes of your cheek, and regular presses of my thighs to your cock leave your head muddled, your heart racing, and your face flushed.
 
As I speak directly to you, atop you, for you, my words begin to swirl, crackling, as if somehow the air itself was degrading in quality while whispering into your ears. Not a moment passes where I’m not pressing further into your mind, your heart, or your pants. Each of my nails draw delicate circles atop your chest, letting your heart beat faster as you feel my soft self rub atop your cock even more luxuriously. 
My soft chest presses to yours and your heart beats even faster, your mind growing blank, my words seeping in deeper, taking your mind away from your world and into mine.
 
I pull back, placing my eyes into yours as I slink down your form, tracing my claws down your sides as I stand at your feet. I pare away at and part your clothes. Unthreading the very fabric as my talons shimmer with a haze.
 
Your body is now as bared to me as your mind, within my grasp. Free for me to simply reach out, touch, and manipulate.
 
I reach forward and grasp your cock, my other hand on your inner thigh as you feel my fingers clasp your member.
 
“Now, you’re awfully big down here, aren’t you~? Hmm… A bit too big, actually.”
 
I step forward, pressing my lips beneath your navel, softly leaving a kiss and taking a breath, drawing something from you. As I lean down onto you, you feel yourself shrink. You shorten, losing inches off your height, growing weaker, softer, and cuter. This only serves to arouse you more as it also siphons away any of that pesky assertiveness.
 
“Now, for my sake and yours especially, I’ve gotten a little ball rolling in your mind. From now on, letting me so deeply into your mind will open a door. A hypnotic catch, a hook, and leverage in your mind that pulses with warm, passionate need. 
From this point forward, so long as I utter the phrase that uses this leverage, you will be drained. You will be changed. Mind, body, masculinity, strength, and every little bit of your existence will be drained away from you the moment I utter the word (pause here, drawing it out.) *TAKE*~”
 
Feel your body reduce, my hand on your thigh seeming to grow more commanding with every passing moment as your little heart putters away. My grasp on your member is overwhelming as your clothes pool around you, making you even hotter~
 
Soft, gentle, smooth strokes grace and graze your cock. One pump, two pumps, three pumps… You’re almost ready to blow, my ever-surging grasp has long since taken your pesky endurance. Another stroke, then again. 
Shocks of ever-increasing stimulation roll up into your brain as soft, submissive sounds leak out of your mouth, and the most adorable utterances you could ever attempt to produce spill forth. I reach forward and up just the smallest amount, my eyes turned up as I smile at your enthralled expression.
 
With your stimulation at the tipping point, the bow fully drawn, the glass only kept from spilling by the tension of the water itself, I lean in, hand drawn from your cock and onto your quivering lips, and whisper into your ear.
 
*TAKE*
 
You shrink, weaken, shudder, and watch as I meet your gaze, standing above you as I lean in for a long, soft, controlling kiss. I hold you down, pressing on your shoulders as my thigh reminds your cock of its place at the peak of release. you feel me sit on your lap once more, your member between your thighs as I hold both the edging of your orgasm and your hard cock between my legs.
 
Resting my head beside yours, I reach around and let you feel my chest, placing your hands atop each breast as you feel them. You feel me. I’m so heavy, all of me. My chest, my body, it’s all so, so much heavier than before. So much more real. So much more alluring, arousing… intimidating~
	
I press my legs together, forcing your member into my inhumanly soft, and sensitive flesh as I lean back, stretching a small bit as you are seconds away from release. The pressure is building, churning, growing, becoming more and more desperate… As I count down your pleasure will build up. Your body will tremble, your crotch will throb, and your cock will, on the count of one, release~
 
Five~ 
Four~ 
Three~ 
Two~ 
One~! 
*TAKE*.
 
You release, orgasm, your mind churning, slipping as the weight grows too great to bear. A great lifting, an odd lightness, and a true sense of liberation comes as you drool onto your thighs… But only your thighs.
You find now that our positions have reversed. You rest atop my lap, small enough for you to use my chest as a pillow as you’re sunken into the softness. A sensation that, somehow, binds you from finding too much relief. You need more. You’re still horny. You still need more.
 
You squirm atop my lap, held in my embrace as I softly breathe, stroking your head as all that I’ve taken from you renders you into an adorable, cute, happy little toy for me to dote upon. I squeeze you, rubbing your belly, petting your head, adorning you with adoration and care as it merely gets you more pent up. You need more. 
You try to speak but I reach down with a finger far too large for you to resist and place it atop your lips. You blush, your face warming up and reddening as your body builds up even more need.
 
“Aww, you’re such a cute little guy, you know that, right~? You’re so curious and full of life, you’re willing to reach out like this and it’s impressive. It is. Not to mention how adorable you are… Oh~? What’s this?”
 
Reaching down, I lay a finger that alone is twice the length of your member, thicker too. I stroke it, bringing it back up as you squirm atop me. I lay a soft kiss on your cheek as I press it down with my palm, playing with it as you writhe atop me, more sensitive than you’ve ever been in your life. 
Your mind fills with fuzz and cotton as you’re swaddled with lust, need, and humiliation. In your writhing, I simply turn you around and bury your face into my chest, laughing as you’re planted into my breasts, submerged in my warmth and hypnotized even deeper by the thrum of my heart.
 
*TAKE.*
 
You shrink, now having finally reached the size I was when I arrived, if not a bit shorter. My chest fully burying you as you’re submerged in the soft lavender scent, your world subverted as your truly pathetic member is buried against my stomach. I laugh again, stroking your hair as your mind goes blank... 
 
The dizziness and dreaminess cloud your mind, the world seeming confusing but comforting all the same. Your tiny, tiny self gradually feels something hard, stiff, and rigid press against your little rear. It’s warm, massive, and, with how your body is warming up and your mind is racing, you know just what it is – my cock.
 
“Aww~ All of that size had to go somewhere… And you looked like you needed some relief, so I decided that I’ll give you a little treat! You’ll blow a full load, I’m just going to use your pesky member and a half to help you fulfill your little silly quota, toy~”
 
The warmth of it is radiant, your imagination not spared for a moment as you’re lifted from my embrace, brought forth and free from the embrace you’d been smothered within only to find yourself face to face with a monster. Purple, raging, throbbing, and beading with glistening, inhumanly potent semen. You smell it and your body trembles, your cock hardens, and your mind softens. Your stomach tingles in anticipation as I lean down, pressing a kiss onto your chest as I place my eyes upon your own, filling you with magic as my cock presses against your thigh.
 
This is just a little guarantee I don’t break you, human~
 
I press you forward, letting you sit atop my lap once more as your member and form press against my shaft. The feeling of resting on my soft thighs, the warmth of my cock, the humiliation of it being a sizeable fraction of your body size while yours isn’t truly noticeable. This new dynamic plays on your libido, making you more desperate than ever before.
 
You want this. You feel this transparently. You’ll beg for this, you need this. It’s impossible to resist at this point, your mind and body hazing over as you reach forward, not able to get around it with a single hand in grasp, barely with two. Your cock trembles, and your mind races. 
You need it.
You need me.
You need it inside you. And you know I can tell.
 
With a deep, breathy swallow, you reach forward, only for me to pull you up, laughing to myself as I pull you and my cock close to my body, setting you atop it, pressed between my chest as I softly squeeze you like I would a stuffed animal. I adore you, and I will use you to adorn my cock.
 
Pressing you down, you feel your entire body shiver as the pressure begins. Your rear shivering as magic courses through your form, your mind hazing over so far that you see white as you’re entered. I press into you, through you, stretching you out. Your cock trembles but you’re so overstimulated and confused by what you’re feeling that you can’t cum. You can’t think. You just feel. You feel my head enter you. 
Then the thick shaft, pressing into you softly as your entire body shudders, groaning, fluttering as you drool onto yourself, mewling desperately as your body begins to catch up with the sensations. Your body shape is determined by the massive pylon defining your existence, fulfilling you, filling you, spreading and stretching and changing you as you softly crow in glee.
 
I push you deeper, letting you slip down onto me as you feel it in your chest, your heart beating even faster as you feel the throbbing of my cock so far inside you that our heartbeats are one and the same. I pulse inside you as the euphoria sets in. You’re buffeted for a few moments by shocks of a bloating sensation and endless, mind-bending arousal. Not a moment passes where your rear is not the best feeling thing in the entirety of your existence. Your entire body throbs with glee as you’re simply on a sensory timer until you release. My hand around your waist keeps you in check like a fleshlight, firmly keeping you there as I breathe hot wind onto your already blasted brain.
 
I take you up, pulling you free as the sensations feel inhuman and better than anything you could ever feel as a person. I use you. Thrusting into you with glee as the pleasure builds back up in both our minds and body. Our hearts thrumming as one as you slowly lose all sense of power, ready and happy to be filled and used.
 
One pump, two pumps, three pumps, four… 
Your body begins to give in and you know you’re mine. You love being taken from. You’re ready to be filled, to be used, to be turned into nothing but a pathetic sack of seed. Seven pumps, eight pumps… I keep on pounding away and we both appear to be reaching the peak. I hug you tight to my chest. Burying you deep within my control as you’re sunken into such a truly deep and pathetic state of hypnosis and euphoria. You’ll orgasm harder than you ever have before on the count of one, loving the sensation of being filled up and tossed away like the toy you are.
 
 
Ten~
Nine~ 
Eight~ 
Seven~ 
Six~ 
Five~ 
Four~ 
Three~ 
Two~ 
One~! 
*TAKE*.
 
You orgasm.
You orgasm harder than you’ve ever cum before. You leak droplets from yourself as I moan into your ear, filling you with my lust and my seed as I churn into you. Your form distending and bloating as your brain goes hazy, my grip on you growing weak as I lean to the side, the pressure of the semen within you forcing you off my cock and onto the chair you sat upon in the beginning. Smaller than I ever was, filled and being covered with a stream of semen only now petering out, and so satisfied with it that your lust for magic and lust, in general, grow exponentially.
 
I stand, towering above you, taller than you ever were with a smile on my face. I have your strength, your dominance, and all the control you could ever afford another. Through bleary, cum splattered eyes you gaze up at me, your eyes fascinated by the still throbbing cock and the smile of absolute superiority I beam down upon you with. I lean down, softly wiping away the semen covering your face as your body continues to leak my seed.
 
“The only thing I’ll take from you permanently, is your ability to resist my control~ My voice, my power, my existence (Really emphasize this “owns”.) owns you. You’re mine.”
 
I set my cock down atop you, letting you feel the warmth as you’re left still breathless, shivering.
 
“Oh, and you can have this magical trigger in return, have fun with it~ 
*TAKE, 
TAKE, 
and… TAKE~*”
	
I just laugh at you as you’re left endlessly drooling semen, submerged in a pool of the warmth, my seed. I press you into it further with a single finger and you’re thankful it smells, tastes, and feels better than anything a human could conceive. It’s nectar you’re slowly growing drunk on, blessed by an afterglow of sobering majesty.
 
Now~ 
You will return to reality shortly, in about five minutes or so. 
You’ll take your trigger and your weakness to my voice with you, so go ahead and act like you’re mine from now on~
 
Good luck out there, you curious toy~
