

XXX
Lopunny Toy
Living Latex Lopunny Sex Doll TFTG
XXX


His camera was out of battery. Initially, Nathan considered that to be a big deal. He recorded footage of all the urban exploration he did — a hobby which the young man affectionately called spelunking on his Youtube channel. Nathan was in his mid- to late-twenties and had been exploring abandoned industrial sites for years. Initially, he hoped to scout the dilapidated storage warehouse and return another evening with a fully charged camera. But Youtube videos had always been an added bonus to his hobby. There was something so beautifully nostalgic about it being just him. Nathan was alert to the sights and sounds as he sneaked into the rusting building.

Sometimes, it was more enjoyable to explore just for the fun of it. Nathan had always been far too curious for his own good. His green eyes sparkled in the gloom as he wandered through loading bays, remarking how untouched the old warehouses were. Dressed in rugged blue jeans with a black jacket, the man hoped he didn't look too similar to the type of people that usually gutted these places, leaving their mark in spray-painted graffiti.

"This place is amazing!" He smirked, setting his cap overtop of his short brown hair. It was funny to think that speaking out loud to the camera had become a bad habit.

He wandered under the high ceiling of faded white corrugated plastic, overlying long triangular struts. The building was nearly two-hundred feet long. Metal beams supported the roof as well as long suspended tracks for a travelling pulley system. One could easily imagine the depot bustling with activity. And now the building was abandoned along with some unshipped wares. Large boxes and barrels had simply been left behind. Nathan approached a few, using his flashlight to illuminate shipping labels. It was difficult to decipher what had happened here. And why, apparently, everyone had left in such a hurry.

"What's in these things?" Nathan used a miniature crowbar he carried in his backpack to pry open one of the round metal barrels. It was weird for objects to be so clean in the otherwise dusty old building. There it was again; curiosity. An itch for further investigation. Something that often got him into trouble.

The lid of the closest barrel remained firmly fixed in place, however. It took a lot of forcing before the old metal cover slid off and clattered to the ground.

Nathan's first reaction was to remain utterly still, listening to ensure the loud noise wouldn't attract attention. Ha! There wasn't anyone else in this old warehouse but him. Shaking his head ruefully, the spelunker leant forward to take a closer look inside the barrel he'd just opened.

The smell alone was a giveaway: a dank reek of something rubbery and artificial. There was thick goo stored inside. A swirling mixture of pink and brown. Some kind of liquid…latex, maybe? Nathan wrinkled his nose, unsure why anyone would want a vat of something like this! He leaned in, considering that perh-

SQUEAK! A thick blob of liquid lunged outwards. It behaved like it was alive, shooting out a wet tendril that splashed across the man's chest. Nathan baulked, jumping back with a yelp. Far too late! The SPLAT of the liquid seeped into his jacket, marking the immediate contamination. Nathan thought he could scrape the viscous goo away, but it defied all expectations.

Firstly, because the liquid latex had already begun to burn through his clothes.

"Dammit! How am I supposed to-nnhh! Get it off!"

The brown ooze melted through his jacket and shirt, only to stick to his skin. Nathan didn't have time to wipe it off given how rapidly the liquid solidified into a glossy sheen. The shoulders of his black jacket had already evaporated, allowing the remaining tube of fabric to slip to the floor and expose the viscous brown goo spreading across his chest. It moved under his armpits, sqrrrrking to cover more skin. But the stretched ooze wasn't thinning. In fact, the rubber seemed to grow thicker as it seeped upwards as well as down — coating his neck and nipples simultaneously. The flash of cold and then steady warmth from the latex layer was baffling, unwanted, gross, and yet...so weirdly satisfying. His shoulders actually squeaked from the stretch of the material fusing with his skin, creating squeaky tension as he reached up and prodded a finger into the material.

This time, curiosity really had gotten the better of Nathan. The material was soft, almost elastic to the touch. Although the rubber appeared to have solidified, pulling his finger away created a long drip of liquid latex that stretched and then broke with a SNAP. The sudden release of tension splattered rubber over his fist.

"Oh dammit, shit!" Nathan spread yet more of the viscous ooze from one hand to another in an effort to wring it from his grasp.

Adrenaline rushed through his body at the realisation of what was happening. The brown latex was going to coat all of him! However, a frenzied scramble to escape from the situation never materialised. His heart pounded in his chest but each beat was slower and weaker than the last — as if recovering from a sprint, relaxing into a more-nhhh-no no! HOW was this relaxing? Nathan couldn't force his body to cooperate. He could only stare, watching his hands accrete rubber and swell into large, mitten-like shapes. It was mesmerising. Feeling the shapeless, numb sensation of his five-fingered hands transcend into clumsy, four-digited paws. It shouldn't have felt so good sqrrrrking one hand against the other, tentatively touching the new pink latex forming around his wrist. Here, brown shifted to a bubblegum colour that puffed up like cotton wool; squishy to touch yet so sensitive. Nathan couldn't stop himself from touching, driven by the heady rush of arousal with each sqrrrrk of latex. It was already too late. He couldn't do anything with clumsy paws like this and the lack of control was…frustratingly exciting. Why did the thought of needing other people to help fix his problem give them such a rush?

Although Nathan could feel the vicious ooze spreading up over the back of his head, he wasn't aware of the corruptive nature of the rubber sinking deeper under his skin. It wasn't just coating the spelunker. It was assimilating him. The living latex was already percolating deep within his chest, transforming the complex functionality of his body into a much simpler anatomy. His heart slowed to a stop, not that Nathan realised. The material had already smoothed over the crown of his head, seeping into his brain to begin a similar process: corrupting Nathan's complex worries into a much simpler purpose.

The choices Nathan made felt like his own — if impulsive. Sliding his new paws up to his chest with a huffy groan felt lewd but allowable, given the circumstances. He wasn't prepared for the tight, squeaky pleasure that developed from each touch of his latex paws across…well…any part of him that was covered in shine. His palms slid across his new, bubblegum pink nipples, triggering a gasp. Fuck! Nathan thrust his chest forward with a slight wobble. Latex sqrrrked from the contact of his paws, nipples spilling from their grasp as-wait! They-OH! FUCK! The moment of shock wasn't underlined by a draw of breath. Not even a flutter of his heartbeat! Both functions were now defunct for the brown latex creature like he was becoming. His swelling breasts jiggled, expanding with long sqrrrrks of his deepening cleavage. Nathan could only groan. Their dick rose to full mast under their jeans, but the lusty erection was a mere drop in the ocean compared to the waves of pure epiphany from the smallest touch of their new bosom.

Nathan was utterly in love with the sensitivity of the rubber, trembling at the intense pleasure across their nipples bulging into their new paws. They thrust forwards, squeaking from the friction of their rubbery tits spilling out of their grasp. Oh FUCK! How big were they going to get!? Already, Nathan was enamoured with the rubbery satisfaction, craving more.

It wasn't long until the empty warehouse was filled with the rubbery squeak and sqrrrk as their paws began every aspect of their gorgeous form.

Their breasts were a natural place to start, toying with themselves like…hehe! YES! Toying was the perfect expression! Something about that word just clicked, Nathan didn't know how to explain it. They were blushing but still didn't stop as their paws drifted down, tracking the rubber spreading over their thighs. A narrowing stomach and widening rubber hips moulded his silhouette into impossible, exaggerated proportions. So easy to grip, even for their clumsy paws. Nathan traced the curve around to his ass, embarrassingly eager for their jeans to evaporate under the vicious ooze piling more junk into the trunk. They moaned out in delight as the wobbly SLAP of a paw across an asscheek, and-fuck! What possessed them to do that? Just imagine how good it could feel with somebody else to tease the transforming rubber creature! Knees pressed together, Nathan was overcome by the horny speculation of how perfect it would feel for somebody to wrap their hands around their hips, touching the small protrusion swelling out into a bubblegum pink tail above ample ass. Everything about Nathan was so touchable — so easy to toy with. And with paws like theirs, there was nothing Nathan could do to resist. If somebody wanted to toy with them, then…what would Nathan do but indulge? Hehe! Every part of her rubbery figure felt magnetic! Like there should be something rubbing against her, caressing her, squeezing her…rutting into her. Her paws shifted to her crotch with a sqrrrrk.

They were just a-a...a little bunny rabbit, needing some hottie to put them in their place!

Every shift of her body created an unnatural, synthetic noise — whether it was the stretch of her new footpaws arching delicately to balance on her toes; or the press of her wobbly thighs, fetishising her hips and ass into potential playthings. Nathan was corrupted by it. The need to be desired like an object — a cute, rabbit toy eager to please. No carrot or stick needed to persuade, though they wouldn't say no to either~! The need to be wanted. Everything that reached towards that climax was something that made them better.

Nathan wasn't a name that suited a cute...rabbit, like her? A name like that wasn't attractive like the toy she was becoming. There was a simple logic there. And yet, by the time that, er...not-Nathan could have assessed what was happening to her, the latex would have already corrupted her new purpose into her inherent programming. She was turning into a Pokemon. A Lopunny, from what she remembered of the character — unaware of the new thoughts being implanted into her subconscious. Corrupted into the perfect Pokemon, albeit in a latex body. More like a doll; gorgeous, seductive, and alluring. Natalie was such a better name for a cute Lopunny like herself. A Lopunny sex doll. Hehe!

Her distorted thoughts spun that realisation into a horny affirmation. But the reality of the toy's new, pleasure-giving purpose was soon becoming evident in the final stages of her transformation. Natalie's crotch was the battleground for the only fight put up against the rubbery coating. It took a significant amount of the glossy ooze to completely cover their stiff erection, assimilating and flattening the voice between her loins. With her paws compressed between her thigh gap, she could feel the shift in mass morphing into bubblegum pink rubber.

The first touch across her pussy lips was orgasmic. The newly forming folds softened into a squishy rubber doughnut shape that rubbed against using her moulded latex digits, feeling the topography on the outside even as a void tunnelled inside of her. Fuck! Her thighs elicited a loud SQUEAK as she squeezed around her new orifice. The shape was closer to that of a plaything — a sex toy designed for gratification beyond any other functionality. Her butt quivered with each wiggle of her fluff-like tail. Chest thrust forward, bimbo-sized boobs bobbling on her chest, the dollified Lopunny squirmed in delight. Was it wrong to crave being turned into a toy? To enjoy being artificial, knowing that each feature that further removed her humanity only added to the allure of the soft brown, anthro Lopunny sex doll she'd become? Natalie. The name felt perfect for her gorgeously glossy new figure.

From the head down, every part of her was coated, merged, and assimilated into living latex.

The material defied physics by moving upward too, slipping over the former man's brown hair. It flattened their ears whilst simultaneously congregating and solidifying into bigger, far more beautiful ears atop her head. Brown initially before softening into supply pink latex expanding into two huge bunny ears. Bubblegum highlights above her eyes pressed the seep of liquid latex over the bridge of her nose. Although they tried to blink, it was already too late — the rubber spread over Natalie's face, momentarily blanking it with featureless brown rubber.

Muffled, the rabbit-like Pokemon slid her paws up from her jiggling new tits to her cheeks, blind to the changes she could feel swelling inside of her jaw. Numbness tipped the balance, disguising the stretch of pink latex stiffening her maw into a textured tube. Her lips were jacked open, reforming across the tip of her glossy muzzle as a perfectly o-shaped orifice. Her vision returned blurry at first, not blinking because the memory simply wasn't there. Natalie was a sex doll — toys didn't need to blink. Corrupt thoughts both snipped gaps in her memories but also filled them with ticker tape, warping each desire for pleasure into wanting to please. If she really was a toy, then why wasn't there anyone here to play with her? Submission. Ownership. Concepts belonging to an object, yes! A living sex doll like her.

When the transformation was complete, the Lopunny wasn't really aware of what had happened. The whole process that had changed them into this — an exaggeratedly feminine living sex toy playing with her breasts inside the dilapidated warehouse — wasn't preserved as an important memory. Her paws explore her brown rubbery body in a flurry of squeaks and sqrrrks. Pink highlights of her dollified form were more squishy. The puffy, ultimately artificial floof around her wrists, ankles, and the tips of her large rabbit ears were the softest parts to touch. And also the most frustratingly arousing parts to caress. They were textured to attract attention — pink meant pleasure. Whether that was the soft beans outlining her rounded, mitt-like paws. Or perhaps the wide pink areola surrounding her perky nipples. Yet more for somebody to play with.

The same bubblegum colour marks her open-mouthed, permanent o-shaped lips ribbed and ready to please. Fuck! A big dick was exactly what the toy needed right now. Preferably between her glossy rubber thighs, sqrrrking into the plush, pink, doughnut-shaped hole that was far too synthetic to be considered a pussy. More of a plaything; a fucktoy designed for pleasure. Especially given similarities to the second textured tunnel between her plump asscheeks. One paw was sandwiched between her thighs, trying but failing to push a rubber digit into her plump fuck-hole. The loud squeaks and creaks of glossy friction only seemed to make her horny arousal worse. Having her other paw squeezing a tit didn't help, thumbing the pink pleasure point of her nipple with little spasms of her rubbery body. It felt sooo good, but it just wasn't enough — her body wasn't built for her, but for others. Natalie was a toy. Natalie was a sexy, irresistible toy! And yet, without anybody to serve, what was she really…?

"Ppplease, I'mm-mmphhm! I'm a g-good toy!" She managed to blurt, rubbery ears flopping forward. Natalie had to spare a moment to brush them away.

Teetering, the pink and brown Lopunny did a little circle, looking around the dusty warehouse as if an obvious solution to her loneliness might present itself. Natalie trembled, knees pressed together as she slid her paws across her thighs, twitching with each electric shot of stimulation. A whimpering moan was the closest thing to verbalisations she could achieve — capable of speech but muffled into high-pitched, sultry noises that all sounded like questions. What could the Lopunny do to serve? Her body felt light, almost rubbery — as if she'd been designed to be jostled in bed on her back rather than standing up straight like this. Natalie — and just to say, she loved that name — might have been aware of these things, but she wasn't exactly thinking about them. Toys like her didn't have thoughts.

Dawn was just beginning and red sunlight dappled the corrugated plastic windows overhead. Without any genuine recollection of how she got here, Natalie would have to figure a way out. Because surely there would be people around? And if there were people, there was pleasure. She was such a good toy! Surely nobody could resist fucking a cute, latex Lopunny sexdoll like her?
