Groaning, a young man entered his bedroom with a weary step, dropping his bag into the floor before flopping into bed, face first. As the bed springs creaked, he spoke a soft echo through the room; "Oww... Ugh, work sucks." He muttered into the sheets, turning over to lay on his back.

Managing to sit up, he sighed softly and glanced at his computer, seeing his reflection within the blank display. A young man with dark brown hair, a tired expression and his black jacket a bit disheveled from work.

Getting to his feet, he wandered to the computer, hoping to find something to take his mind off the day. With the computer booting up, his immediate notice was an email from an unknown sender. He normally would just delete it, though the subject of the Email caused a pause.

'New Pokémon Experience!'

Did he spend too long looking at Pokémon stuff online and now has people looking at his cookies?

Regardless, curiosity won out, a single click opening the email.

'Dear [Hero],

You have been chosen to try a brand new experience in the Pokémon World! With this unique opportunity, you'll find new adventures abound. To get started, click the link below and fill out the five questions to select your optimum Pokémon.'

As he read the email silently, Hero hummed to himself, curious if it was legitimate. To be sure, he set up his VPN and a secure browser before clicking the link, coming to see the page load to an odd image of swirling rainbow lights in an aurora style across the screen.

'Very Mystery Dungeon.' Hero muttered, reading the passages that appeared in the middle of the screen; "If you lived in the Pokémon World, where would you live?" He read aloud, seeing a set list of regions that popped up.

'Do they have multiple regions? Well, a good place to live... Alola was cool, it's Hawaii after all.' he thought to himself, pressing that icon.

The next question faded in whilst the symbol for Alola started to hover around the screen; "What Type do you like the best?" Hero read to himself, a moment of quiet contemplation coming over him as he thought it over.

'Which one would I like?' He thought, the choice between them all stumping him a little. All Types were useful, though there was only one that he knew wasn't common but very useful; "Fire Type." He mumbled, clicking the icon and watching as the flame symbol started joining the Alola icon as it bounced around in the background as the rest faded.

'Question 3 or 5...' Hero hummed; "What Pokémon gender do you prefer?" The text on the screen asked, though he didn't have much of an opinion.

'I guess female? That way, I can have a Pokémon bred in the daycare to get a better one through IV breeding.' he thought, clicking the female option.

As he did, he noticed the screen seemed to darken slightly as the screen brightened, making the icons bouncing around in the background more noticeable by contrast. Though he just ignored it as the next question came up; 'Battle area? Volcano, power plant or village. Well, a volcano would be cool to see if it has good graphics.'

As that icon joined the other three, the last question came up and showed what looked to be trainer classes, though only three were available. Lass, Beauty and Aroma Lady.

"Did I lock myself into a girl trainer because I picked a female? Hopefully I can change that later... Eh, might as well pick the adult that doesn't look as tired as I do." He chuckled to himself, selecting the icon for Beauty.
Once the fifth icon was selected, the screen went black and Hero paused, a feeling of unease rising. The black screen was forgiving enough, though it suddenly exploded into light, a vortex of brilliantly coloured lights spinning around the screen before launching a beam from the monitor to engulf him with a bright white flash.

A second passed as Hero tried to blink, his eyes adjusting as he tried to work out what happened, a feeling of weightlessness coming over him. As he finally managed to blink the blurriness from his eyes, he froze, finding himself high above the ground and an unfamiliar world spread out beneath him.

With what looked to be a volcano spread out beneath him directly, it seemed to be some sort of reserve with an ocean nearby, perhaps a mile or two. There were forests, plains and a savanna, even an area covered in ice just before the horizon.

"What the hEEELLLLLLLLLLLL-" He started, ending with a scream of terror as gravity finally kicked in, sending the young man tumbling to the volcano below. With a turn of his body, he managed to avoid the cauldron, yet was tumbling down the side of the mountain with his face covered, clothes tearing as it was caught in sharp, hot rocks.

Confused, the young man began to stand up, yet a sudden sense of vertigo hit him like a sack of bricks; "The heck?" He muttered, taking a step forward only to have a rock shift under his foot. "AH!" He cried, tipping back, a sense of weightlessness hitting him again as he fell back towards the pool of water.

He managed to catch himself before falling in, though as his hand went through the water, he yelped at the hot sensation burning his arm, quickly pulling it free and falling backwards onto his butt.

His ankle felt swollen from the trio and his hand was burning, his other hand gripping it as he held in his swears, though glancing at his hand, he went as white as a sheet. The skin looked burnt... Too burnt, almost blackish purple... And it was spreading slowly across his hand, fingers feeling even warmer as he watched them slowly elongate and slim steadily, a pink undertone covering the purple skin covering the top of his right hand.

"What the hell is this?!" He cried, trying to wipe it off and shake his hand, yet it continued to spread until it covered the back of his hand entirely, making him start to panic. "This isn't normal!" He screamed, though as he tried to look over his hand, he winced from his aching ankle. Kicking off his left shoe and tearing away his sock, he grimaced at the purple skin skin to a bruise, though his fear only heightened when said purple hue began to slowly expand down his foot.

Hero tried to reach for his foot before his now longer fingers on his right hand caught his eye, the fingernails withdrawing as sharp but subtle claws started to poke free from the fingertips, though he was also focused on a light pink liquid that seemed to be secreting from the slowly appearing scales on his hand.

"Why am I so sensitive?" He whined, trying to hold himself together and pull his hands back. Though his right hand continued to brush against the tent, only to feel a wet spot forming at the p; "Am I leaking already?!" He groaned, realising he had no resistance to fight off the urge, the chemical from his right hand making his entire body more sensitive.

Pulling down his pants with a desperate need for relief, his member sprung out and slapped his stomach, the length having increased slightly from just before, now around 8 inches. It was as still as a rock, having never felt it this way before. To a degree it was almost painful, to the tip already leaking a white liquid slowly.

"Ah, Ahhh! Mmmm... N-Nngh, f-fuck... Mmmm!" He gasped and groaned, a light gasp coming from his mouth as his right hand, covered in the pink fluid, wrapped around the member and gave it one good squeeze.

His left hand moved to touch his raging and sensitive shaft, though as the pink fluid spread over it, he could see the pink and purple scales start to spread on that hand too. As the change began, he started to rub the member with his right hand, groaning and gasping as it throbbed heavily in his grip, already feeling like it was ready to burst... Yet it never came, the pleasure only reaching greater heights. Still, he winced as he felt the sharp class against the sensitive flesh, allowing him enough willpower to pull free and inspect himself, eyes widening at the sight of his left foot.

It was if his toes had taken over most if not the entire foot, expanding and lengthening whilst sharpening into long spindly claws that spread from where his ankle met his foot. The scales had covered his foot and toes, a layer of light purple that looked like a lizard skin. His foot itself was also longer, even his heel seemed to shrink slightly whilst the colour spread upwards. His right foot seemed to be following suit since he saw the shoe fall off, revealing his right foot started withdrawing steadily as the toes gained length and strength.

As he stood there, he could feel the soft ridges of scales start to form on his thighs, a slight blackish purple coating the scales as they took over the soft skin on his thighs, rubbing against his crotch and causing him to start moaning once more, bracing himself against the ridge whilst looking down to the stiff and painful rod that was leaking like a faucet.

As he gained some willpower back, he managed to get to his new feet, straining himself as the claws on his new appendages grip[ed the rock below and allowed him to stand, his claws gripping onto the ridge of the hot spring before him. However, as he managed to get himself standing properly, a flicker of brown before him caught his attention.

A chunk of his hair fell from his head, hands instinctively reaching for his head to touch his hair, only for his reflection in the hotspring to show the hair pull free to a very bald head; "I'm losing my hair?!" He cried, feeling more and more strands fall, thinning rapidly whilst he tried to gather himself.

He didn't get long to focus however as his shaft pulsed with desire once more, yet it felt like it was being squeezed as his hips began to expand outwards, his breaths hot and needy as his very thighs started to rub his shaft.

His body was changing too much for him to ignore; his left hand only just got rid of the fingernails and formed small claws that were more pointed than sharp, the change spreading to his arm as well, both arms thinning and losing muscle definition slowly as they became thinner and more feminine. Panting heavily, Hero glanced to the water once more as he tried to gather himself, only to gag as he felt an odd pressure in his mouth... And his tongue burst from his lips, gaining length and mass as it forced his mouth open wider and let it slowly flick back and forth. The tip steadily came to a tip, his eyes widened in horror as it too started to make that strange pink mist and liquid... And now he had no choice but to have it swallowed.

The result was immediate, his body heating up further whilst his focus moved to his shaft as it seemed to demand attention even as it refused to give him release. He could only gasp around his bitter tongue as his hands reached for and grabbed the shaft, pleasure rocking his body as the sensation of spread across his crotch and up his body in a wave, his left hand instinctively squeezing the shaft and pulling upwards as his right hand gripped the base, rubbing up and down the length. "Mmmmnnngh!" He groaned around the tongue that seemed like it was getting smaller…

No, not smaller, his eyes locked onto his face whilst he felt his felt skull and skin start pushing outwards and letting the tongue find a new, much roomier home. Even as he felt his face pulling into a muzzle, he couldn't let go of his crotch, eyes watering from the sheer sensation of it all. It was something no one should feel, though there came a sick satisfaction to it as his skull shifted shape... Yet he quickly noticed his tongue brushing against the sides of his mouth... And a lack of teeth.

Looking to the pool in a quick worry, he looked down to see a blackish purple maw was sticking out from his regular human face, though he opened it as best he could just to catch the last of his teeth merging into the black scales, two pseudo teeth rising up from his jawline to make up for it, yet he could feel muscle upon muscle building around his throat and his mouth.

This mouth was designed not for chewing... And he realised that once his jaw felt wider and less structured. It could detach. His mouth was designed not to chew or tear... But to swallow prey whole. His jaw unhinged as his tongue withdrew into the new mouth, a soft slurp coming from it as the tongue was pulled into its new home, his maw growing longer and larger, soon covering the front of his face entirely.

His entire body felt as though it was being reshaped, bones cracking and realigning, yet his mind was focused on one thing; Pleasure, his mind and body hazed by the pink drug in his system that his own body was making. Once he had the room in his mouth to do so, he took a deep breath and felt a surge of uncomfortableness in his chest. Taking another deep breath, he noticed that his chest seemed smaller, unable to hold as much air as it did before, his waist pulling in further to give a definite hourglass shape, only boosted as his hips expanded slowly. With the purple scales reaching up his legs, it began reaching for his rear just as the legs began to look thinner, more delicate and lithe…

"Oh shit..." Hero muttered, barely working his new mouth; 'I know that look... These hands, this mouth... Salazzle. I'm becoming a friggin' Pokémon! A female only Pokémon!' He thought, though his focus was torn between his thoughts and his need for relief, his body shuddering as his hands moved at an incredible pace on his shaft, precum starting to coat his hands and shaft.

His tailbone felt as though it was being torn free, yet a sharp jolt of pleasure tore through his body as the scales reached it. He had no choice as his legs gave out, falling to the ground once more and on his knees. In the moment of clarity, he let go of his leaking shaft to grab his rear as he felt the mass around his belly start to move towards his butt cheeks, feeling the mass of his ass filling out; "M-My ass... Why is it getting bigger?!" He whined, panting as the larger the mass it became, the more pressure it gave around his hips. Hero had to use hands and tried to rub his ass to deal with the aching as it expanded, only to gasp as he reached behind and touched the inside slightly, his body falling to all fours... Before he realised what he was doing, showing his rear to the world; 'Did... Did I just present?' he thought in a horrified manner.

He didn't get time to dwell on it, trying to get back to his knees, only to see his right hand up close again, noting that it was covered in the pink mist and as well as remnants of his own still human seed. The smell of it alone caused an odd reaction, his eyes dilating slightly... Before he licked it off his hand.

The effect was immediate, his mind going numb whilst his tongue lolled around the taste of a male in his own mouth. With no control over his body, he reached for his leaking shaft and scooped up a small puddle of seed, only to lap at it like a hungry dog. As he dove down, he could even feel his neck began to lengthen, as if his entire neck was stretching out with new muscle and sinew to allow easier movement. His entire body shook from the taste, the flavour was incredible... And it caused him to moan out as he raised his head; 'What is going on, I shouldn't like this... But it feels so good, the taste is amazing and...' He tried to rationalise, though he was cut off as his rear ached whilst his tailbone extended, two thin strips of flesh and scales whisking from his spine to meet it. He was growing a tail, long and thick with powerful muscle, Hero stared at it for only a second before getting onto all fours to let it spread more easily.

"This shouldn't be happening... I'm a guy... But this feeling is too much! I... Salaz... Lazzle~" He cried out as he slumped to the ground with hands no longer holding him up, eagerly reaching for his pole and gripping it tight. With all his focus, he began to pump at it again and again, getting feverish as the pleasure started to reach a point where he couldn't even process a thought... And then, he came, roaring with pleasure that echoed like a screech. As burst after burst of white seed rocketed from his shaft, he tried to get up, only to land on hisplush rear. Seeing the shaft spurting so much, he leaned down to grab the white elixir his body demanded…

No, not what his body demanded. What HER body demanded, Hero rationalised as her eyes glazed with a purple hue. This was only rational, she thought as she lapped at what she could get, watching the shaft spurt off more whilst it shrank, the balls already withdrawing as a pair of sensitive lips began to swallow the shaft whole; 'I'm a girl. A girl Pokémon. Liking this is rational... And so hot and sexy~" She purred, her mind swimming with female hormones and mixing her world view as she looked to the small nub still spurting, yet she giggled and gave a cheeky wave to it just as it gave its last hurrah and pulled into a pair of sensitive lips.

Her eyes dilated as she saw herself in the water, noticing her tail was now fully formed whilst she could see that she had two slight mounds on her chest underneath her shirt. Lifting herself to her knees, she used her left hand to feel the tail and move it side to side to admire it, a smile forming on her purple maw whilst her right hand reached for the breasts; "Mmmm, so nice..." She gasped, feeling them steadily gain mass, though with a single claw, she pinched the top of the shirt and tore it down the middle, freeing the expanding breasts whilst they filled out; "So, still a mammal I guess." She mused, hefting the breasts in her hands before moaning as the sensation, her fingers parting around bulging nipples that seemed to grow even wider, looking almost milk giving as they turned a darker shade.

With pink patterns emerging on her chest and stomach as it filled out, the new Pokémon noticed that the last of her hair had fallen. Trying to get back to the pool to see her reflection, she noted her eyes the most. No whites to be seen bar the light reflected in them, showing a pure lizard-like face with sharp purple eyes with slits to show the predatory nature.

Her new maw opened with a smile as she felt her slicked tongue loll from her mouth; "Mmmnn, I'm so sexy~" She moaned, a claw reaching for her folds whilst another claw played with a sensitive nipple. Her body was so sensitive, even the slightest touch could make her moan; "Oohhh, this is too good~" She purred, her mind starting to come to grips with her form and body. With the hand gripping around her breasts, she whined as her claws were filled with pulsing flesh as it expanded more and more.

"Yes... More! Make them HUGE!" She begged, her other hand exploring her depths as she felt her new lips open to accept them in. The sheer bliss from the heat alone was enough to make her shudder, her new tail lashing behind her as the claws on her feet dug into the earth, only adding to the sensation. Her mind was swimming with sensations, her legs spreading wider and wider as she could feel the tips of her fingers reach inside, her eyes widening as she felt a slight nub at the top; "Ahh! There's my clit, yes! Ahhh~" She gasped, rubbing it eagerly with two clawed fingers whilst her other hand massaged her breasts, her breathing heavy and hot. Pressing into her breasts as they surged to an impressive E cup or more, the Salazzle felt her new sex start to quiver.

She could feel it coming, her fingers started moving faster and faster, breaths hot and heavy as she felt herself getting closer to the nirvana she so desired. Her tail whipped around behind her, slamming the earth and leaving cracks in the rocks. The ground started to crack around her foot claws whilst her hips moved of their own accord, riding her hand with wanton lust; "Yes, yes, yes, YES! OH GODS YEEEEESSSSS~!" She cried, her voice echoing around the valley as she came, her body spasming as she fell forwards, barely able to catch herself as her body dripped with sweat, pheromones and the dripping saliva from her open maw.

Panting heavy, the young Salazzle could only feel a grin coming to her face; "I'm a Salazzle... A sexy Salazzle~ Hmm?" She questioned herself, before looking up and to her side, barely noticing a shadow of someone to the left of her, hiding in the shadows... Until she saw a shape fly at her, a gleaming pink Pokéball with a heart shape on the top.

As a flash of light filled her vision, all she felt was her body pressed into a new environment, eyes growing heavy as she heard a voice outside her awareness.

"Sweet! A Salazzle. I think I'll name you... Tia." a male voice echoed, that name ringing in her head, soaking into her brain. It was the perfect name, her name…

As she felt the ball shake and rock from side to side, she merely closed her eyes, eager to know what her new master would do with her~
