It's cute. I wondered how you looked before. They say the fluffier ones are better producers. Ehh, oh silly, that's just a myth. It's actually the shy ones. Huh. Wh-where am I? Excellent! You have regained consciousness just in time. We do like to have you conscious before we begin. Welcome aboard the Lovecraft, you little cutie. Wh-why can't I move? What is this? What's this holding me? Standard issue production harness. You will grow used to it in time. It is designed to keep you in the proper position while maintaining comfort for long durations. Hey, this is re-really tight. Let me go, please. Everyone's staring. This is humiliating. Alright, number one, one, four, seven. Up we go. One, four, seven. I keep a- Can't just-whoa. Whoa! I can't-how am I floating? Our ship has a selective gravity generator tuned for the harnesses. It makes moving parts around a lot easier. Parts? What do you mean parts? Dammit, I'm a bunny, not a cargo. Let me out of this thing, please. Everyone is staring. Relax, little bunny. bunny. can't move. You are adorable like this. Besides, we need you. The ship was damaged by the intense barrage of radio noise and other signals you're planning has brought a cast. Your kind is so careless with their technology. Honestly, you cannot even master interstellar travel yet. Kind of cute if you think about it. Like infants learning to walk. Aww. But what does that have to to with me? Why do you have me bound up like this? Where are you taking me? Please, I'm scared. Oh yes, I almost forgot. I keep getting distracted by just how cute you are. The interference completely disabled the power grid, and emergency power will only last so long. We need to get under right immediately, and our scans revealed that you would be perfect to give us a jump start, as you would say. But I only know how to do that with cars. Not rubber spaceships? There's nothing like this on Earth. And I couldn't do that with my arms and legs folded up like this anyway. How do you expect me to be useful if I can't even move? Oh, no, no, no. You are plenty useful as you are. We do not need a mechanic. We need a new power source. Specifically Specifically from this planet. And you are the most compatible to our Oregon Feedback Field Generator. Your body, specifically your orgasms, will juice her right back up to full power while we are in this noisy system. I bet she will just love the way your resonations feel. Oregon Feedback Field? Orgasms? What are you going to do to me? I want to go home. You are home, 1147. See, here is your birth. The resonator will power on momentarily. Just relax while we begin preparations, little bunny rabbit. This is going to feel so good. Power cell detected. Oh, come see us. It begins. Oh, I bet he will sound so cute when he engages. Life support engages... Organ generator located. Feedback field engages. You can feel it, can you not? Building within you? Slowly but powerfully? No! I can't stand! I don't wanna move! What to what? Achieve climax? I am able to watch your vital signs on my monitor. With our equipment, it is as if I know your body better than you do. And it is very clear that you do, in fact, want to climax. More and more with each passing moment. Why? Such cute wimpers! I knew you were going to be just precious! Oh God! I just think I'm going to die! I'm gonna... Oh my God! The factory inhibitor has been entered. Harvest cycle to speed in 20 seconds. What's happening to me? Why am I still? Help! Help! Yes, just relax and let it wash over you. Such a good, funny battery. See, I told you that you would be perfect. Oh, he has exceeded projections by at least 20%! That gives us to the next 12 sectors! Compatible subjects for love, love, and fun. The people seem to last 24. Captain Dan is already in the brain. He is preparing for what's going to happen in the future by 30%. He's in the water. More argon in the clouds. He's in the in He's in the water. He's in the water. He's in the in the in the in the in



Proximity Siphon

 You awake confused and naked in a strange room wearing only a sheet and laying on a medical like table.  You have no idea how you got here and no memory of anything prior to waking up.  As you look around you see a door that leads outside and a small piece of paper laying next to you on the sheets.  The note explains a sadistic scientist has drugged and kidnapped you and has replaced some of your sexual organs with robotic cyborg equivalents.  However, for his pleasure, he has made it so that your clit and nipples are completely numb.  It is a sort of electronic chastity belt.  This means that the ability for you to edge and orgasm has been disabled.  There are now certain software rules that this cybernetic chastity device uses in order to control your pleasure.  The chastity device contains a small energy center wired via a switch directly to your pleasure center.  While the switch is off you can rub and rub all you want but simply will not be able to edge or orgasm.  When the switch is turned on you will regain the ability to reach an edge but will not be able to tip over it no matter how hard you try.  You will be forced to unlock your abilities to edge and orgasm by siphoning the required energy from near by people.  In order to siphon this energy you will be rubbing your sensitive areas when in range of other people.  

Each day, a daily requirement is coded in the device in that can be completed by rubbing your clit and nipples  through your clothes as follows.

Nipples = 200 strokes

Clit = 600 strokes

Range of Siphon is 10 feet. This means other people must be within 10 feet of you in order to count toward stroke total. Blankets and other objects make this very easy to pull off so that you do not get caught.  Once up and once down counts as 1 stroke.

When you meet the daily required strokes, the edge ability regains its power and the switch turns on.  If you have accumulated any strokes during the day but not hit your required amount, no edging for you tonight, a 24 hours cool down of no touch is what you get.  Stroke count is reset to 0.  Also as mentioned earlier you are not allowed to edge at all while you are rubbing, you have not unlocked your edge ability.  If you are getting close to an edge stop.  If somehow you hit an edge while Siphoning energy, no touch for 24 hr is required to cool down.

Edges

Your cybernetic chastity device will allow you to edge each day when and only when the required strokes have been hit and specific energy has been drained from near by people.

Hit your required 600 clit and 200 nipple strokes and you can edge in the comfort of your home 
Hit 300 clit and 100 nipple strokes and you must edge in a public bathroom.  Edges below required count are allowed here because your chastity device will pull enough energy from near by people while in a public restroom.
Only 1 edge is allowed per day!  No more strokes counted after daily requirement.  Strokes will start to count again the next day.

If you ever want the ability to cum again, the Orgasm battery must be fully charged.  To do this, each Edge puts a small amount of charge on the battery.  The battery is actually a butt plug battery and is required to be installed before your edge.  Each edge will charge your orgasm battery by 10%.  In order to unlock your orgasm ability, your butt plug must be in while you edge so that it can get charged.

Orgasm

After 10 edge charges on your butt plug battery it will be 100% charged and you’ve earned enough energy to cum.  Plug must be in while cumming!  If you do not wish to cum simply do not install your butt plug battery.

You are forever stuck as a slave to your hidden chastity device that requires you to feed it and charge it by humiliating and rubbing yourself constantly around other people.  You will learn to love feeling pleasure under these circumstances.  Enjoy!

- The sadistic scientist

P.S, A tougher version has been downloaded onto certain chastity devices.  Use this version if you are hardcore.

All the same rules apply except stroke counts and edge counts are not restricted per day.  Instead, the butt plug battery has to stay in for the charges to hold.  This means you will be required to hit all required stroke counts, with the butt plug battery in for an edge, and then start back at 0 strokes in order to earn another edge for your battery.  You will be required to do this charging without removing the butt plug for all 10 edges in order to unlock orgasm reward.  If at any point the butt plug battery is removed, the charge goes back to 0.



Oh, hello, I've come across this idea before - in "the Cummoner", with "If your arousal produces magic, you use that magic to power a vibrator to keep yourself aroused, and you use these mana-dissipating handcuffs to prevent you from accumulating enough magic to reach orgasm, then you could lock yourself in a pre-orgasm state forever."
